# Darwin Core mapping

## Root

DwC term | status
--- | ---
type | use
modified | use
language | use
rights | use
rightsHolder | use
accessRights | 
bibliographicCitation | use
references | use
institutionID | -
collectionID | -
datasetID | use
institutionCode | use
collectionCode | -
datasetName | use
ownerInstitutionCode | use
basisOfRecord | use
informationWithheld | 
dataGeneralizations | 
dynamicProperties | 

## Occurrence

DwC term | status
--- | ---
occurrenceID | use
catalogNumber | 
occurrenceRemarks | 
recordNumber | 
recordedBy | use
individualID | -
individualCount | use
sex | use
lifeStage | use
reproductiveCondition | -
behavior | 
establishmentMeans | -
occurrenceStatus | -
preparations | -
disposition | -
otherCatalogNumbers | -
previousIdentifications | -
associatedMedia | 
associatedReferences | -
associatedOccurrences | 
associatedSequences | -
associatedTaxa | -

## Event

DwC term | status
--- | ---
eventID | 
samplingProtocol | 
samplingEffort | 
eventDate | use
eventTime | use
startDayOfYear | unnecessary
endDayOfYear | unnecessary
year | unnecessary
month | unnecessary 
day | unnecessary
verbatimEventDate | unnecessary
habitat | 
fieldNumber | 
fieldNotes | 
eventRemarks | 

## Location

DwC term | status
--- | ---
locationID | use
higherGeographyID | 
higherGeography | 
continent | 
waterBody | use
islandGroup | 
island | 
country | use
countryCode | 
stateProvince | 
county | -
municipality | -
locality | use
verbatimLocality | unnecessary
verbatimElevation | -
minimumElevationInMeters | -
maximumElevationInMeters | - 
verbatimDepth | unnecessary
minimumDepthInMeters | use
maximumDepthInMeters | use
minimumDistanceAboveSurfaceInMeters | -
maximumDistanceAboveSurfaceInMeters | -
locationAccordingTo | -
locationRemarks | -
verbatimCoordinates | unnecessary
verbatimLatitude | unnecessary
verbatimLongitude | unnecessary
verbatimCoordinateSystem | unnecessary
verbatimSRS | unnecessary
decimalLatitude | use
decimalLongitude | use
geodeticDatum | use
coordinateUncertaintyInMeters | use
coordinatePrecision | unnecessary
pointRadiusSpatialFit | unnecessary
footprintWKT | unnecessary
footprintSRS | unnecessary
footprintSpatialFit | unnecessary
georeferencedBy | 
georeferencedDate | 
georeferenceProtocol | 
georeferenceSources | 
georeferenceVerificationStatus | 
georeferenceRemarks | 

## Identification

DwC term | status
--- | ---
identificationID | -
identifiedBy | 
dateIdentified | 
identificationReferences | 
identificationVerificationStatus | 
identificationRemarks | 
identificationQualifier | -
typeStatus | -

## Geological context

-

## Taxon

DwC term | status
--- | ---
taxonID | -
scientificNameID | -
acceptedNameUsageID | - 
parentNameUsageID | -
originalNameUsageID | -
nameAccordingToID | -
namePublishedInID | -
taxonConceptID | -
scientificName | use
acceptedNameUsage | unnecessary
parentNameUsage | -
originalNameUsage | -
nameAccordingTo | -
namePublishedIn | -
namePublishedInYear | -
higherClassification | unnecessary
kingdom | use
phylum | 
class | 
order | 
family | 
genus | use
subgenus | unnecessary
specificEpithet | use
infraspecificEpithet | use
taxonRank | use
verbatimTaxonRank | unnecessary
scientificNameAuthorship | use
vernacularName | 
nomenclaturalCode | 
taxonomicStatus | -
nomenclaturalStatus | -
taxonRemarks | -

## Resource relationship

-

## Measurement or fact

DwC term | status
--- | ---
occurrenceID | 
measurementID | 
measurementType | 
measurementValue | 
measurementAccuracy | 
measurementUnit | 
measurementDeterminedDate | 
measurementDeterminedBy | 
measurementMethod | 
measurementRemarks | 
